content: draft: source-track: rename SCP to SCS, replace issue links with project board links. (#1171)
slsa-framework/slsa: docs/spec/draft/source-requirements.md

| Term | Description
| --- | ---
| Source | An identifiable set of text and binary files and associated metadata. Source is regularly used as input to a build system (see [SLSA Build Track](requirements.md)).
| Organization | A collection of people who collectively create the Source. Examples of organizations include open-source projects, a company, or a team within a company. The organization defines the goals and methods of the source.
| Version Control System (VCS)| Software for tracking and managing changes to source. Git and Subversion are examples of version control systems.
| Revision | A specific state of the source with an identifier provided by the version control system. As an example, you can identify a git revision by its tree hash.

> | Source Control System (SCS) | A service or suite of services (self-hosted or SaaS) relied upon by the organization to produce new revisions of the source. GitHub and GitLab are examples, as are combinations of tools like Gerrit code reviews with GitHub Repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Source Control System (SCS) | A suite of tools and services (self-hosted or SaaS) relied upon by the organization to produce new revisions of the source. The role of the SCS may be fulfilled by a single service (e.g., GitHub / GitLab) or rely on a combination of services (e.g., GitLab with Gerrit code reviews, GitHub with OpenSSF Scorecard, etc.).
```

I took a stab at broadening the definition a bit to indicate that the suite of services can include things like Scorecard.

Author: thanks!
